README.md, before:

# misfit-reddit-crawler

A simple crawler used by [the Misfit Company](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Misfit_Company/) to compile some stats about our activity on Reddit.

## Installation

Copy the config files and edit them as you see fit:

```shell
cp .env.dist .env
cp discord-mapping.json.dist discord-mapping.json
```

Install dependencies:

```shell
npm install
```

## Usage

Collect AARs data to `data.json` (defaults to all):

```shell
npm run aar [hour|day|week|month|year|all]
```

To sort AARs data once collected:

```shell
npm run sort-aar
```

## Discord-Reddit mapping

The `discord-mapping.json` file is used to map Reddit usernames to Discord accounts. For instance:

```json
{
    "NamSualk": "Klausman"
}
```

The _key_ `NamSualk` is the Reddit username, while the _value_ `Klausman` is the Discord account. One line per account.

## Reddit app registration

If you don't have one already, [create an app on Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps):
- type a name
- select `script`
- put a dummy redirect uri like `http://localhost/oauth`
  
Then put your app's ID and secret into the `.env` file.

## Usefull links

- [Misfit Company's Discord server](https://discord.gg/ktvBnYrWHE)
- [snoowrap documentation](https://not-an-aardvark.github.io/snoowrap/index.html)
- [Reddit API documentation](https://www.reddit.com/dev/api/)

Commit message:

Switches to Reddit's Lucene search syntax

README.md, after:

# misfit-reddit-crawler

A simple crawler used by [the Misfit Company](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Misfit_Company/) to compile some stats about our activity on Reddit.

## Installation

Copy the config files and edit them as you see fit:

```shell
cp .env.dist .env
cp discord-mapping.json.dist discord-mapping.json
```

Install dependencies:

```shell
npm install
```

## Usage

Collect AARs data to `data.json` (defaults to all):

```shell
npm run aar [hour|day|week|month|year|all]
```

To sort AARs data once collected:

```shell
npm run sort-aar
```

## Discord-Reddit mapping

The `discord-mapping.json` file is used to map Reddit usernames to Discord accounts. For instance:

```json
{
    "NamSualk": "Klausman"
}
```

The _key_ `NamSualk` is the Reddit username, while the _value_ `Klausman` is the Discord account. One line per account.

## Reddit app registration

If you don't have one already, [create an app on Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps):
- type a name
- select `script`
- put a dummy redirect uri like `http://localhost/oauth`
  
Then put your app's ID and secret into the `.env` file.

## Reddit search

Reddit search API provides 3 different syntaxes:

- `plain`: it makes a dumb search as plain-text, as its name implies
- `lucene`: based on [Apache Lucene](https://lucene.apache.org), a powerfull search engine 
- `cloudsearch`: based on [AWS CloudSearch](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudsearch/), an even powerfull search engine

I'm using Lucene with [this old guide](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/search?v=844e4166-31a2-11e7-9668-0ab9a12c3b60) to make flair-based queries, since (almost) all of our reddit posts are correctly flaged with according flairs.

For instance, looking up AARs is as simple as that: `flair_text:AAR`. It'll return every post with the "AAR" flair attached to it.  
If you want the opposite, simply add a minus sign in front: `-flair_text:AAR` will give you every post without the "AAR" flair.

## Usefull links

- [Misfit Company's Discord server](https://discord.gg/ktvBnYrWHE)
- [snoowrap documentation](https://not-an-aardvark.github.io/snoowrap/index.html)
- [Reddit API documentation](https://www.reddit.com/dev/api/)
